README.md, before:

## Welcome to my GitHub Profile

[![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-pranavmishra90-grey?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/pranavmishra90/)](https://www.github.com/pranavmishra90/) [![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-drpranavmishra-00acee?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/drpranavmishra/)](https://www.twitter.com/drpranavmishra/) [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-drpranavmishra-0072b1?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/drpranavmishra/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/drpranavmishra/)  

Visit my personal website at www.drpranavmishra.com

<p align='left'> You can view my resume <a href='https://www.drpranavmishra.com/wp-content/uploads/cv/Pranav%20Mishra%20Curriculum%20Vitae.pdf' target=_blank><u>here</u>.</a></p>

My [PGP public key](./pgp/pranav-mishra-public.key) is available for import / verification.


## Stats
<img src="https://cr-ss-service.azurewebsites.net/api/ScreenShot?widget=summary&username=pranavmishra90&badges=3&branding=false&style=--header-bg-color:%23000;--badge-text-color:%23fff;--name-font-size:%2020px;" width="400" />


[![Pranav's GitHub stats](https://github-readme-stats-pm0102.vercel.app/api?username=pranavmishra90)](https://github.com/pranavmishra90/github-readme-stats)

[![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=pranavmishra90&layout=compact)](https://github.com/pranavmishra90/github-readme-stats)
<p align=left> <img src=https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=pranavmishra90 alt=pranavmishra90 /> </p>

Commit message:

Add: SSH public keys; Change: Use Wakatime for language count
Still need to switch to self-hosted wakapi instance; not working with the card, so using the common public one.

README.md, after:

## Welcome to my GitHub Profile

[![Github Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-pranavmishra90-grey?style=flat&logo=github&logoColor=white&link=https://github.com/pranavmishra90/)](https://www.github.com/pranavmishra90/) [![Twitter Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-drpranavmishra-00acee?style=flat&logo=twitter&logoColor=white&link=https://twitter.com/drpranavmishra/)](https://www.twitter.com/drpranavmishra/) [![Linkedin Badge](https://img.shields.io/badge/-drpranavmishra-0072b1?style=flat&logo=Linkedin&logoColor=white&link=https://www.linkedin.com/in/drpranavmishra/)](https://www.linkedin.com/in/drpranavmishra/)  

Visit my personal website at www.drpranavmishra.com

<p align='left'> You can view my resume <a href='https://www.drpranavmishra.com/wp-content/uploads/cv/Pranav%20Mishra%20Curriculum%20Vitae.pdf' target=_blank><u>here</u>.</a></p>

My [PGP public key](./pgp/pranav-mishra-public.key) is available for import / verification. Starting in April 2023, I started signing commits with SSH Keys, on most of my machines. You can view the [SSH public keys](https://github.com/pranavmishra90.keys) I have associated with GitHub.



## Stats
If you're anything like me, you like to view stats "just because". It doesn't change anything or impact your decision making. But it is fun to look at.
[![Pranav's GitHub Stats](https://github-readme-stats-pm0102.vercel.app/api?username=pranavmishra90)](https://github.com/pranavmishra90/github-readme-stats)

[![Pranav's WakaTime Stats](https://github-readme-stats-pm0102.vercel.app/api/wakatime?username=pranavmishra90)](https://github.com/pranavmishra90/github-readme-stats)
<!-- Self-hosted api is not pulling -->

<!-- [![Top Langs](https://github-readme-stats-pm0102.vercel.app/api/top-langs/?username=pranavmishra90&layout=compact&langs_count=6)](https://github.com/pranavmishra90/github-readme-stats)
<p align=left> <img src=https://komarev.com/ghpvc/?username=pranavmishra90 alt=pranavmishra90 /> </p> -->
